The benefits of providing an Outlook add-in include the following.

When you receive a forwarded email, you only could see the DPN profile(s) for the person(s) in the active “To” or “Cc” line. However, most threads are forwarded without context at the top of the message. You have to read at least the first 2 forwarded parts of the message and review the people on the message to get the context. Having the search functionality right then and there brings the power of App search & profiles to right where you’re working as opposed to having to go to App to get the same information and then come back to your inbox (disrupting your workflow) or adding them to the “To” / “cc” line to look them up just to have to remember to remove later. 

When you’re in a meeting and people who are not a part of the meeting are referenced: Most people join a meeting by joining the meeting from the meeting reminder link or opening the meeting from Outlook. When the invite is open, users can use the plug-in to see who’s on the invite, but cannot look up people who are referenced in conversation but not a part of the meeting. Without search in the plug-in, the options are as follows:
a.	Open up a new email and then add the person to the “To” line and then use the plug-in to see the person’s profile.
b.	Look up the person in Skype – does not give good info on the person and Skype is going away.
c.	Go to App and search for that person.
d.	With the plug-in, it is simple to stay within the currently open meeting invite and then go to the search tab and look people up.

Taking notes in a meeting or preparing to send a meeting recap: Nowadays, notes and meeting recaps are key. We know that the # of meetings have gone up tremendously in this hybrid work model, and thus meeting notes/recaps are increasing. Many times, in meetings, while the recap will go to all attendees, it will not go to people simply referenced in the meeting, yet the person sending the meeting recap / notes would still want to have that context to ensure the recap is accurate. This use case is similar as #2 in that you don’t want to add a person to the meeting recap just to leverage the plug-in people profile view capability and then must remember to remove later. It would be nice to just be able to look it up right from the search tab, minimizing disruption to this flow and not increasing the amt of time spent on what should be a short task.